Swap centroids + Move dataitems up/down + Respect capacity and compatibility (#1)
Mapotempo/balanced_vrp_clustering: README.md

  "total_work_time": total work duration available for this vehicle, 0 if all vehicles are the same,
  "total_work_days": total number of days this vehicle can work
}

> c.vehicle_infos = vehicle_infos

Reviewer: I am not sure about this.

From optimizer-api side we say if there are several vehicles and all of them have several infos then it should be called 
vehicleS_infoS.

In fact, there is a problem in this documentation : the hash we define is one value of vehicles_infos, but we have one vehicle_infos for each vehicle. 
In fact, it should be vehicles_infos = [{ current value of vehicle_infos }]

Author: The word info is already plural in the sense that you cannot say informationS in English.

Plus a single object is called vehicle_info (i.e., everything related one vehicle) and the array which has several "vehicle_info"s is called vehicle_infos because it contains multiple objects of vehicle_info. Double plural sounds incorrect in English.

Reviewer: ok, then we need to change everything on optimizer-api side because we used opposite convention :)

ratio = 1 by default, used to over/underestimate vehicles limits
c.build(DataSet.new(data_items: data_items), cut_symbol, ratio)```

> cut_symbol is the referent unit to use when balancing clusters. This unit should exist in both vehicle_infos and data_items structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cut_symbol is the referent unit to use when balancing clusters. This unit should exist in all vehicles_infos and data_items structures.
```

```

Get clusters back :

```

> puts c.clusters.size # same same as vehicle_infos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
puts c.clusters.size # same same as vehicles_infos
```
